Job offers at Bosch
Skip to main content
Close
Select a language
English
Deutsch
Websites worldwide
Websites
worldwide
Bosch Job Board
Job board - Work #LikeABosch
Our next career events
Your new job is only a few steps away
Explore more about our application tips and recruitment process. We show you what comes next.
1. Find a job
Find the right job offer
Start your search by selecting one or more criteria that your vacancy should fulfill, or use the key word search. Click on the criteria to select them (multiple selections possible).
Next steps:
Your search results will then be displayed. Click on individual search results to learn more about them.
The vacancy notice presents more details on the advertised job and initial information on the relevant working location. If you find the job interesting, apply by clicking on the “Apply now” button. You will be forwarded to our external application system.
Time required:
5-10 minutes
2. Apply
Apply directly online
There are various ways to submit your actual application:
You can upload your CV
You can apply using your LinkedIn or Indeed profile
Or you can enter the data manually.
Select one of the options to create your personal online application in only a few minutes. You can also attach a letter.
Next steps:
After clicking on “Continue”, you can attach more files to your application. Individual files should not be larger than 10 MB.
Please read our data protection instructions. It is only possible to apply after reading the data protection declaration and our terms of use. Complete your application by clicking on “Send”.
Time required:
2-10 minutes
Note:
We are especially pleased to receive applications by severely disabled persons and other disabled people with the same status. At Bosch, a disability is not a barrier to recruitment and a developing career. Please contact us for further information.
3. Receive a confirmation
When will we get back to you?
Thank you for your interest in a job at Bosch. To be sure that we have received your application, we will send you a confirmation in the next few minutes. The mail will contain a link to your candidate profile, where you can view your application status at any time.
Next steps:
We look forward to reading through your application. Depending on the kind of job you have applied for, it takes around two to three weeks before we get back to you.
Time required:
2-3 weeks after receiving your application
4. Interview
Tips for your job interview
Congratulations! Your application impressed us! Now we would like to get to know you better in a conversation (virtual or on site) and of course we would like to answer your questions.
Naturally, we are looking forward to learning more about you. Perhaps you can bring a few examples from your previous work or studies and tell us how you imagine your future development at Bosch.
Next steps:
After the interview, we will get in touch with you within two weeks. After all, we want to know how you liked your visit.
For areas with highly sensitive data, a candidate pre-employment screening can be required. This is already indicated in the job advertisement. For more information on how to check candidate data, see our FAQs Pre-Employment Screening.
Time required:
1-1.5 hours
FAQs Pre-Employment
Screening
5. First steps
Welcome aboard
It’s decided: Welcome to your new team! Your future manager will contact you before your first day at work and naturally you will receive a new employment contract.
Next steps:
The first few days in a new company are important. So we will guide you as you take your first steps.
Those can vary greatly, since they are tailored to your future position and location. You will always receive an individual introduction plan with an overview of all measures that are important for you as you start your work.
Moving forward together:
You will also receive support from our “Bosch Buddy” program. Your personal Buddy will help you with all informal aspects and can put you in touch with valuable contacts.
Naturally, your input is also required, because in our agile environment, we especially value your specific prior experience and look forward to learning from each other.
Tips and tricks for your application at Bosch
Job search
Your job interview
Your employment contract
YouTube
How do I find the right job for me? What should my application contain? Xenia, HR Business Partner at Bosch, answers these questions about your job search.
YouTube
What can I expect during the application process? When will I get feedback? Christian, HR Recruiting Specialist, tells you all this and more about your job interview at Bosch.
YouTube
How do I read an employment contract correctly? How is my salary determined? Alexander, Head of Compensation and Benefits, answers these and other questions about your employment contract at Bosch.
Our worldwide job markets
Since Bosch is a global brand, you can make your career plans with us come true anywhere in the world. Discover our job openings worldwide and find the job that perfectly fits you.
Worldwide job
opportunities
We are looking forward to your application.
If you apply for a job, you will be redirected to a different service provider, who is governed by a different privacy policy. Please find the data privacy statements below:
Bosch data privacy statement eRecruiting
SmartRecruiters data privacy
statement
Share this on:
Invented for life
Corporate information
Legal notice
Data protection notice
Privacy settings
© Robert Bosch GmbH 2024, all rights reserved